Dbz 8841 expose xstream content in product doc (#6265)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

endif::product[]

{prodname} ingests change events from Oracle by using the native LogMiner database package
ifdef::product[]

> or the https://docs.oracle.com/database/121/XSTRM/xstrm_intro.htm#XSTRM72647[XStream API].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or the https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/19/xstrm/introduction-to-xstream.html[XStream API].
```

We should probably update these links to Oracle to be 19.x compliant rather than based on 12.x since we no longer officially support Oracle 12 in Debezium 3.0.

endif::product[]
ifdef::community[]

> , the https://docs.oracle.com/database/121/XSTRM/xstrm_intro.htm#XSTRM72647[XStream API], or https://www.bersler.com/openlogreplicator/[OpenLogReplicator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, the https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/19/xstrm/introduction-to-xstream.html[XStream API], or https://www.bersler.com/openlogreplicator/[OpenLogReplicator].
```

  exit;
----

// Type: procedure
// ModuleID: creating-an-xstream-outbound-server
// Title: Creating an XStream outbound server
=== Create an XStream Outbound Server

> Create an https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E11882_01/server.112/e16545/xstrm_cncpt.htm#XSTRM1088[XStream Outbound server].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/19/xstrm/xstream-out-concepts.html[XStream Outbound server].
```
